The EdFil editor program:
-------------------------

The EdFil editor can be used to generate the input net-list file
for  the ASIZ program, and also for other programs,  even  SPICE
(with some editing). It was written after the conclusion that it
is  virtually impossible to write a textual netlist for  a  non-
trivial  circuit without errors. Its use is recommended for  any
circuit  analysis.  This program is rather  different  from  the
schematic  capture programs found in other packages, but  it  is
very easy to use.

The circuit is drawn on the screen using the cursor keys and the
selected  keyboard  keys  listed at the  bottom  of  the  editor
screen. A help screen is assessed by the ? key. Names and  para-
meters  for the elements are given by moving the cursor  to  the
component and touching the Return key, or by Ctrl-X, that causes
the program to ask parameters for all the visible elements.  The
best method is usually to firstly draw all the circuit and later
give the parameters. There are default names and parameters  for
all  elements. The parameters are a text, and are reproduced  in
the net-list as given, unless for formulas, that must be  enclo-
sed in parenthesis.

Once  drawn the circuit, the netlist  is generated with  Ctrl-Q.
The  program then asks the names of the files where to save  the
circuit  description (.cir file) and the net-list  (.net  file).
After this, any program can be executed while the editor remains
resident  in memory, with execution returning later to the  edi-
tor.

An important feature of the program is the optional use of  for-
mulas in the parameters. Any mathematical expression using cons-
tants and values given in a value list can be used for a numeri-
cal  parameter.  The expressions are evaluated in  the  net-list
generation. This allows easy use of component value lists  gene-
rated by synthesis programs, or even the use of EdFil as a  syn-
thesis  program,  with components parameters  given  by  project
formulas.  The  "=" sign can be used in formulas to  create  new
values in the value list. Use resistors with both nodes grounded
to create sets of values in this way, and operate the program as
a simple spreadsheet. Evaluation is from bottom to top, left  to
right. Note that "=" have high precedence, not low  (some day  I
will fix this). Use always parenthesis after "=".

The  default screen mode selection can be overridden by calling
the program as Edfil <input file> <board> <mode>.
The .BGI files must be present on the default  drive  or in  the
path indicated by the DOS variable TPGBI.

Contacting the author:
----------------------

Comments  and  doubts about the programs shall be  sent  to  the
author:

Dr. Antonio Carlos M. de Queiroz
Programa de Engenharia Eletrica - COPPE
Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro
CP 68504
21945-970 Rio de Janeiro, RJ, Brazil
E-mail: acmq@coe.ufrj.br
FTP: coe.ufrj.br, directory pub/acmq
WWW: http://www.coe.ufrj.br/~acmq
